## Introduction
- it is increasingly common to see both mandatory and optional two-factor authentication (2FA) based on **something you know** and **something you have**. This usually requires users to enter both a traditional password and a temporary verification code from an out-of-band physical device in their possession.
- Poorly implemented two-factor authentication can be beaten, or even bypassed entirely, just as single-factor authentication can.
- It is also worth noting that the full benefits of multi-factor authentication are only achieved by verifying multiple **different** factors, Email-based 2FA is one such example.

## Two-factor authentication tokens
- Verification codes are usually read by the user from a physical device of some kind.
- Many high-security websites now provide users with a dedicated device for this purpose, such as the RSA token or keypad device that you might use to access your online banking or work laptop. These devices also have the advantage of generating the verification code directly
- It is also common for websites to use a dedicated mobile app.
- On the other hand, some websites send verification codes to a user's mobile phone as a text message.
- While this is technically still verifying the factor of "something you have", it is open to abuse. Firstly, the code is being transmitted via SMS rather than being generated by the device itself. This creates the potential for the code to be intercepted
- There is also a risk of SIM swapping.
**Sim Swapping** - whereby an attacker fraudulently obtains a SIM card with the victim's phone number.